DAN: After the Gundalians hijacked Bakugan Interspace
and forced us out, things took a turn for the worse
in the battle for Neathia.
We decided to join Fabia as she returned home so we
could help with the fight.
Once we got there, we were made members of the Castle Knights.
Now Earth and Neathia were united in the struggle
to keep Barodius from stealing the Sacred Orb.
Lucky for us, we have the most powerful Bakugan, Dragonoid
Colossus, on our side.
Now Drago!
Bakugan brawl!
[THEME - CREIGHTON DAN AND DANIEL LEBLANC,
\"THIS IS BAKUGAN\"]
THEME SONG: What are you going to do?
The odds stacked against you.
Back against the wall.
Got to give it your all.
This is the final stand.
The power's in your hand.
Two worlds collide on the inside.
You've got to fight for what's right
before it's gone, gone, gone.
This is Bakugan!
Darkness Blizzard!
Hey Ren!
We've got this one handled.
Go ahead.
Spiral Pressure!
Cool is the rule dude!
Take care, OK, Marucho?
Don't you worry Fabia.
I'll be there to meet all of you at the rendezvous point.
I promise.
Shun, I can't!
You have to go.
I'll see you soon.
OK, then.
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in Dream Escape.
This place is starting to remind me of everyone
we've lost in battle.
I know you feel guilty, but losing him really
wasn't your fault. Ah?
You're thinking about Nurzak, aren't you?
Oh, Yes.
Right.
Hold on tight!
You bet!
FABIA (VOICEOVER): I guess Aranaut
doesn't remember his former master Jin after all.
[suspenseful music]
Light's out.
Mistress Kazarina, wait.
The energy level isn't 100%.
Something must have been damaged by the explosion outside.
Kuso's luck seems endless.
Find out what's wrong and fix it!
Yes, mistress.
JAKE: Huh!
Got it!
Wah!
Now it's your turn to feel my heat.
Bakugan brawl!
[grunt]
Right on!
Now that's how you throw a football dude.
Hit me again!
Huh?
[dan chuckles]
Oh snap!
Huh?
Jake buddy, Why did--
Why did you leave me, huh?
[melancholic music]
Jake!
Can you hear me?
Power is restored to 80%, 90%, 100%.
[kazarina laughs]
Looks like your luck is finally up Dan.
Jake!
Are you paying close attention?
DAN (ECHOING): Can you hear me?
J-Jake.
[gasps]
DAN (SHOUTING): Jake!
Can you hear me?
Come back to me buddy!
Jake!
I'm here!
No!
What's happening?
How did he break free of the hypnosis?
Hah!
Wouldn't you-
Like to know?
Huh?
Coredem too?
The bond between Bakugan and battler
transcends the hypnosis.
If one breaks free of its power, then the others
follow immediately.
[explosion]
Dan!
Fabia!
Here I've got Dan the man!
Hey Jake!
Is that really the old you?
You're not getting Dan back from me.
Ability activate!
Fist Alley!
[roar]
[groaning]
Bakugan brawl!
Hah!
Bakugan stand!
Crush them Lumagrowl!
[grunting]
Got ya.
Hold on Drago!
[roaring]
Magnetic Mirage!
Hah!
Guard Shield!
Aranaut, I should have wiped you out last time you were here!
Keep your mouth shut!
Oh, that's right.
Aranaut has no memory of his previous visit here does he?
Then allow me to refresh his memory.
Don't listen to them Aranaut!
You weren't always Princess Fabia's Bakugan.
At one time, you actually belonged to the commander
of the Castle Knights!
What was his name again?
Be quiet!
LUMAGROWL: Ah right!
Jin!
That was it!
Tell me Aranaut, how is it that you've forgotten
your original brawler's name?
Is it the intense shame of failing to protect him?
As a knight, you should expect to suffer
the consequences of your disgraceful performance!
Do the honorable thing and sacrifice yourself to me now
Aranaut.
The Warrior's Code demands it!
Are you finished yakking mutt?
What?
I haven't forgotten a thing.
I remember Master Jin very well.
What?
I also remember being taken to the Bakugan
Biology Research Center and having horrible things
done to me there!
And of course, I'll never forget that it was
Fabia who came and rescued me.
Aranaut.
I'm sorry Princess Fabia that I have
been lying to you for so long.
I am honored to be battling with you Aranaut.
The honor is all mine Princess.
ARANAUT (VOICEOVER): In the beginning, when you didn't
mention Jin's name, I thought it was because it
was too painful for you to say.
So I pretended to have no recollection of him.
It wasn't until much later that I realized you
were doing it to protect me.
But by then, it was too late for me to reveal the truth.
It was clear that the loss of Master Jin
had caused tremendous pain.
And I didn't want to add to it.
So I continued on with the lie, in hopes that I was
somehow sparing your feelings.
I realize now that it was the wrong thing to do.
And I only hope that you can forgive me.
Protecting my feelings is a burden
you shouldn't have had to bear.
I'm sorry.
I had no idea.
You're right.
I did fail to protect my master's life.
But I'll make up for that right now by stomping your mongrel
hide into the ground!
What makes you think you can beat me this time?
Battle Gear boost!
Hah!
From this day forward Princess,
I promise I will never hide anything from you again.
Together, you and I will avenge the loss of Master Jin!
That's right.
I've had enough of this weepy nonsense from you two.
Destroy them Lumagrowl!
[roaring]
Ready Battle Crusher.
Battle Gear boost!
[roar]
Let's go, Lumagrowl!
This one is for Jin Aranaut!
This time Aranaut won't get away Lumagrowl!
Commander Elright.
Yes your highness.
Have we heard anything back from Fabia and the others
since they were deployed to Gundalia?
Unfortunately not.
I understand your concern.
But if I may point out, the Gundalian attacks on Neathia
have ceased for the time being.
I think we should take that as a good sign.
It would suggest that Fabia and the Brawlers
are keeping the enemy busy.
The earthlings have an old saying
that goes something like this.
No news is good news.
I hope that you're right.
Battle Gear ability activate!
Hah!
This should be fun!
Barias Gear Lightning!
Battle Gear ability activate!
Battle Crusher Duke!
Come on Dan the man.
You got to snap out of it.
Please dude!
Wake up!
It's me Jake!
I'm back pal.
DAN: (WEAKLY) Jake.
I kept calling for you but you wouldn't answer.
Is your head in the clouds again?
I'm real sorry about that buddy, but I'm here now.
OK?
[grunting]
Lumagrowl!
That hurt.
Now I'm really mad!
Hey!
Shouldn't you be on a leash doggy?
How about a game of fetch?
Dan!
Bakugan brawl!
JAKE: Bakugan stand!
Go Subterra Coredem!
DAN: Bakugan stand!
Let's do this Pyrus Blitz Dragonoid!
[roaring]
You OK Drago?
Don't worry about me Dan.
I'm 100%.
DRAGONOID COLOSSUS: Sorry gents.
But it seems that Kazarina's hypnosis got the better of me
too.
How embarrassing.
[growling]
COREDEM: You wretched lot are going to suffer
for what you did to us!
Do you understand?
DRAGO: That's putting it lightly.
Haha.
Payback's a bummer dude!
This little reunion will have to wait until later.
Now Lumagrowl!
Retreat!
We'll be back!
[howling]
Get back cowards!
We're gonna finish this now!
[growling]
Huh?
It's Dan!
Hey Jake!
Huh?
Faster Drago!
We can't let them get away!
I'm going to mess them up something fierce!
Looks like they're back to normal.
And ready to settle the score too.
Where's Kazarina running to so fast?
If we don't need to run interference anymore,
let's join the action.
After them Krakix!
[roaring]
Battle Gear ability activate!
Barias Gear Thunder Bolt!
Ah!
That's harsh!
[groaning]
Huh?
Where did they go?
Ugh.
They got away!
SHUN: Dan!
MARUCHO: Jake!
Hey guys!
Miss us?
We didn't know you were gone.
He's just teasing.
We were so worried.
Sorry guys.
Yeah, we're sorry too.
But thanks for saving us.
Fabia deserves the credit.
No, it was a group effort.
Besides, Jake was already helping Dan when I got there.
It was Dan shouting that snapped me out of it.
Whatever happened it's good to have both of you back.
Are you sure you're fighting fit Coredem?
Don't worry about me Linehalt. I'm fine.
Now that all six members of the Battle Brawlers
are back together, we should be unstoppable.
STOICA: How touching!
I think I might cry.
So what happens next, huh?
A group hug?
What are we waiting for?
Now that we've got them all together in one spot,
why don't we crush them?
[kazarina laughs]
I guess that we're not the only ones who have reunited.
Well, we still outnumber them, six to four.
Wait a second!
Where's Barodius?
Yes, that is strange.
I would have expected Dharak to be here trying to fight me.
[bakumeter chimes]
Huh?
DRAGONOID COLOSSUS: I am sensing a disturbance.
The Sacred Orb is agitated.
There's trouble on Neathia!
You were so easy to fool!
[chuckling]
It's pathetic.
[screaming]
NEATHIAN KNIGHT: Commander Elright,
the Darkus Gundalian attack ship is
hovering over the capital city!
What should we do?
Knights!
Man your battle stations!
Is Gundalia attacking again?
Well, I'm sorry we're not exactly sure Queen Serena.
If it is an invasion, why have they
only dispatched a single ship from the battalion?
And why is it Emperor Barodius himself
that has come all this way?
Regardless, we're still protected by the third shield.
Anyone with Gundalian DNA won't be able to pass through.
ELRIGHT (VOICEOVER): What is Barodius is up to?
And what happened to the Brawlers?
Are you ready to Dharak?
Leave it to me Emperor.
Bakugan brawl!
Hah!
Bakugan stand!
Rise Phantom Dharak!
Hah!
He's about to bounce off that shield like a fly
off a windshield.
What!
But How?
Commander Elright what is happening?
[roaring]
Dharak!
He's evolved somehow!
The DNA scan is negative!
What's that?
Dharak's DNA is not reading as Gundalian!
It seems he's also mutated!
Thunder Gladiator!
Oh no!
The third shield is-is disintegrating!
I have been reborn!
And all shall bow down to me!
Excellent work Dharak.
You crumpled that third shield like tissue paper!
It's time to show these insects your true powers!
Move all citizens into the shelters under the palace!
Yes!
All Castle Knights you heard the Queen!
Take the civilians of Neathia to the bunkers.
All forces attack!
[upbeat music]
Neathia is going to be reduced to rubble.
What the heck!
Dharak got through the third shield!
How is that possible?
His DNA should have kept him out.
Don't you remember Drago?
You're the one who gave him the key.
[snickering]
Aranaut!
Without the third shield our home will be laid to waste.
Oh no!
DAN: Hey!
What's going on?
DRAGONOID COLOSSUS: Get ready everyone!
[gasps]
[roaring]
We must return to Neathia immediately!
Not so fast Brawlers!
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
[chittering]
[screeching]
[roaring]
[growling]
Whoa!
[suspenseful music]
DAN: Those rotten Gundalians punked us again with a decoy
while Emperor Barodius snuck off to attack Neathia.
Somehow they managed to destroyed the third shield.
And now the citizens are helpless!
We've got to get off this stinking rock,
so we can get back there and help!
But first, we're going to have to take out these weasels,
starting with Kazarina.
Somehow she did something to Drago
that led to the destruction of the shield.
You should tune in to see if you discover her evil secret.
That old witch is a tough nut to crack!
If we can't break her, maybe we'll have
to get someone to betray her!
Someone like Gill!
[theme music]